Family,

If you are receiving this, it means I triggered my dead man's switch. It happens. My hopes are for old age, but I tolerate a certain amount of risk in my life. So, who knows? And, whither does the spirit really go, anyways? It lives on in our collective memory. There were hard times for me, to be sure, but there were also joyful, bountiful, and heartfelt experiences with you, the members of my beloved family. And, I want to remember the good times. Be glad, it is not the end ever, really.

I play the passive observer, sometimes. There are still so many things I wish I said in ages past. You are all superlative, and giants among the loyal and caring.

I love you across all dimensions. I am grateful wfor the home you created for me. It is true we are all bound by this kernel of unconditional love that we call our family. I believe this family to be the beating heart of the universe. I am lucky to have shared memories with you. This much I know to be true: I will always be there for you, too, somewhere. 

Here is something I strive to live by: The bodied self is truth embodied. Identify with truth in order to be eternal. Discard the things that do not reflect the ideal self.

Ok.... How do I become truth? And, why? Verily, indeed. That is up to each of us to decide because it is the responsibility of liberty, it's the onus of agency. But, this at least I consider myself to be: a patriot. I believe there is liberty in truth, and truth in liberty. Be the bearer of the honest truth. It's how you float down in to eternity, along the current of what is and what might be. What can truth do to for the Greater Good?

Believe it or not, I am a karmic traveler across time and space, and I did it only to achieve a just and veritable future for all Americans. I am always waiting for that next chance, the next opportunity on the horizon of my life. Truly, I believe that I am on a timeline that is to be the the trunk of the delta, where the river meets the sea. The diverse and unified rivers of time flowing out to the great unknown. My choices and my actions defined my self, and I submit to God alone to deem it to be good or bad.

The Agency and US Army tasked me with a mission in 2011. I was prepared and sent into the wilderness to find and disrupt an elusive and dangerous target. I was successful and thereby redirected the past to a better future. I united multiple timelines and dispensed of curses, hexes, and spells. My domain is chaos magick, and luck is my steerage. I was the Magus Operandi of Many Staves, and I was in effect. And, cross-dimensional movement necessitates expanded awareness, and tactical surprise necessitates pre-meditated demise. I have had to live in a space of limited awareness in order to accomplish my ends. An ends that which I believed to be worthy of us, the Drummeys. The foe, truly, was inter dimensional and evil. The usurpers of fate and destroyers of love, the sickly reflections of good/evil. We, at least, stand for God, family, and country. And that is good.

Pre-discovery in the judicial system was being manipulated to deprive people of their God-given blessings, attempting to entrap and destroy good people, like us. Medical magic was being utilized to enslave and indenture America's truest and bravest. I was deep cover for over 10 years, and I outlasted them. For auld lang syne...

Proof? It's hard to come by when I've been undercover for so long. I know that I am famous among a small crowd somewhere in the deepest halls. I set out with one task, and I deem it completed. Proof? My life, my painting on the world.

John McAfee said that "Truth is immutable." It's true, it's self-affirming, it's accurate, and it's all in the present moment. I'll always be right there with you in each moment because of the love we share. It's true, I'm here for you because you were always there for me.

To my sons: the art of living includes the art of survival. Glory is won and wisdom is earned. Live with love in your heart, always. If you ever want to talk, construct a tetragram and open the Tao Te Qing. The All will give you a passage to reflect on, it's what I do when I need answers.

Cremate and bury with a Sycamore seed. Add water.

My crypto keys are in my firebox. The key to the firebox is probably in the lock. I leave all my possessions to my sons. Treasures belong with treasures.


Ever my best love,
Cullen Meehan Drummey
Veritatem, iterum;
10001010111;
